# Introduction

Is an Impersonation package for the Laravel Framework. With this package you can easily impersonate other users either manually or using the interface we provide.

You don't have to worry about authorizing who can impersonate or who can be impersonated, coz we provided it by default, just need to adjust it a little according to your
rules.

## Disclaimer

This package can pose a serious security issue if used incorrectly, as anybody will be able to take control of any user's account.

By using this package, you agree that Octopy ID and the contributors of this package cannot be held responsible for any damages caused by using this package.


## Installation

To install the package, simply follow the steps below.

### Install The Package

```bash
composer require octopyid/laravel-impersonate:^3
```

### Publish The Package

```bash
artisan vendor:publish --provider="Octopy\Impersonate\ImpersonateServiceProvider"
```

> Sometimes some users experience the problem of layout after upgrading the package, this can be solved by deleting the `public/vendor/octopyid/impersonate` folder then republish
> the assets.

### Add Trait to User Model

Add the trait `Octopy\Impersonate\Concerns\Impersonate` to your **User** model.

```php
namespace App\Models;

use Octopy\Impersonate\Concerns\Impersonate;
use Illuminate\Foundation\Auth\User as Authenticatable;

class User extends Authenticatable
{
    use Impersonate;
}
```

## Configuration

This configuration is intended to customize the appearance of Laravel Impersonate, if you don't need a UI, don't forget to set `IMPERSONATE_ENABLED` to `false` in your environment
file because it is enabled by default.

Please refer to the [impersonate.php](https://github.com/OctopyID/LaraPersonate/blob/main/config/impersonate.php) file to see the available configurations.
